Our project will be a dungeon exploring game, where you can explore various rooms in a dungeon. In each room, you can kill a random combination of monsters with different items, weapons, and attacks. You can pick up items that enhance your attacks or boosts stats like movement speed, health, range, etc. There will also be a multiplayer option where you can invite your friends to play along with you.
Some of the things we may do when we create our game are account creation, login, dungeon generation, save states, combat system, item generation, movement and attack physics, graphics, friends list, chat, game invites, and settings. First, we will work on dungeon generation. Each dungeon consists of a varying number of connected rooms. Then, we will work on generating monsters and items in each room. Near the beginning of the game, the monsters will be weaker and easier to defeat. On the other hand, the items the player receives will not be as good. As the player progresses, they will obtain better, more powerful items, and they will have to defeat stronger monsters. As we work on creating monsters and items, we will also work on the player character as well as the interface the player will use. Once we have a solid foundation, we will make it possible to save and load your game. Once we are confident in the single player aspect of our game, we will make it possible for multiple people to play. In multiplayer, the players will work together to kill monsters and explore the dungeon. They may be able to trade items if they wish.
